# v0.16.1

This release is expected to include improvements and fixes for the Sisk Framework.

### StringValues to help with forms and queries

Introducing StringValue and StringValueCollection: a way to group string dictionary objects to be able to convert values as needed.

A StringValueCollection is similar to a NameValueCollection, however, for each item in its index, a StringValue is returned. A StringValue can convert its value from
a string to the desired value.

It is useful for working with input into forms or query parameters. The proposed API is:

```cs
[RouteGet("/<id>")
static HttpResponse ViewUser(HttpRequest request)
{
    // id is always non-null here since it's an route parameter
    // and it's necessary to matching this action
    Guid pathId = request.Query["id"].GetGuid();

    // when filterName is present at the query parameters, an string
    // is returned on it. MaybeNull() indicates that this value can be missing
    // or null
    string? filterName = request.Query["filterName"].MaybeNull()?.GetString();

    // if the query parameter "age" ins't present, an NullReferenceException will be
    // thrown, and if the value contained on it ins't parseable to an integer, an
    // FormatException will be thrown.
    int requiredParam = request.Query["age"].GetInteger();
}
```

Values that can be null may automatically be left empty. Values that are not marked with `MaybeNull()` will throw an error if they are empty or fail to convert to the final value.

Currently, this feature is implemented in `HttpRequest.Query` and `HttpRequest.GetFormContent()`.

### Other [breaking] changes

- `HttpServerFlags.ForceTrailingSlash` is now only applyable to GET requests.
- Deprecated the following methods:
    - `HttpRequest.GetQueryValue(string)` - see StringValues note.
    - `HttpRequest.GetQueryValue<T>(string)` - see StringValues note.
    - `HttpRequest.GetHeader(string)` - use `HttpRequest.Header[string]` instead.
    - `HttpRequest.Origin` - use `HttpRequest.RemoteAddress` instead. This property was deprecated due to confusion with the "Origin" header.

- Made `HttpRequest.ReadRequestStreamContents()` private. There's no need for calling it manually since 0.16. You can just load the request contents by
calling any method that requires the request method, like `HttpRequest.Body` or `HttpRequest.GetFormContent()`.
- Removed the deprecated enum value `RequestHandlerExecutionMode.BeforeContents`.
- Fixed `HttpServerFlags.ForceTrailingSlash` now returns an HTTP `309 Temporary  Redirect` instead an `301 Moved`.