# v.0.14

Released: July 17th, 2023

This big update includes some several bug fixes which brings more stability to services which run on Sisk.

Core:

- Docs cleanup.
- Added the `%rm` log constant, which is replaced by the request HTTP method.
- Added the `HttpContext.Request` property.
- Fixed some issues related to `HttpResponseStream`.
- Fixed an issue where the HTTP server was writing ignored errors to the output stream.
- Fixed an issue where closed streams weren't returning an `ConnectionClosed` status.
- Replaced the `ExceptionErrorCallback` delegate second parameter type from `HttpRequest` to `HttpContext`.
- `HttpRequest.Close()` should now reset the connection between the client and server even if the content
was not completely sent.
- Created the `RoutePrefix` attribute, which can be applied to classes containing routes.
- Created the `RouteGet`, `RoutePost`, `RoutePut`, `RoutePatch` and `RouteDelete` attributes.
- Created the `HttpRequest.SendTo` method, which prevents stack overflow exceptions when
redirecting the execution context to another callback.
- Created the `HtmlContent` class.
- Now it's possible to set more than one route to the same action callback.
- Removed `HttpServerConfiguration.Verbose` obsolete property.
- Removed `VerboseMode` obsolete enum.
- Removed `HttpResponse.DefaultEncoding` obsolete property.
- Removed the obsolete `CrossOriginResourceSharingHeaders` constructor.
- Created the `HttpResponseStream` class, which allows the user to write contents on-fly to the HTTP response output stream.
- Rewrited `HttpServerExecutionStatus` enum items. Obsolete items was removed.
- Fixed an bug where the CORS headers was being set on Event Source connections even if `HttpServerFlags.SendCorsHeaders` was false.
- Fixed an bug where the CORS headers was not being set on empty responses.
- Fixed an several websocket issue.