# v0.13.1, rev 1

Released: June 9, 2023

You can now export Sisk source code to a contained file with all the source code needed to run Sisk. See more details inside the `merge` folder.

Core:

- Added the `HttpServerFlags.ForceTrailingSlash`, which determines if the HTTP server should automatically rewrite URL paths
to end with / before the query string. Does not works with Regex routes.
- Added the `CrossOriginResourceSharingPolicy.AllowOrigins` property, which allows to route `Allow-Origin` header to multiple
domains.
- Rewrited the `CrossOriginResourceSharingPolicy` properties descriptions.
- Removed all `HttpRequest.Create*` helper methods, plus created some additional constructors for `HttpResponse`.
- Sisk does not requires to be builded with `/unsafe` anymore.
- Code cleanup.

# v.0.13

Released: May 20, 2023

Core:

- Listening hosts no longer carries an `Hostname` property. Instead of this, the property was moved to the `ListeningPort` structure. With this change, an ListeningHost can now listen to multiple hostnames, at multiple ports at multiple secure states, to the same router. Learn more about this change in the docs.
- Header values were coming with invalid encoding when using UTF-8 characters. Sisk's native HTTP engine (Microsoft HTTP2) does not support header values other than ASCII, however the `HttpServerFlags.NormalizeHeadersEncodings` flag will enable codepage conversion so that you get header values in the correct encoding.

> HTTP header names must came in ASCII.

- Improvements made to the WebSocket module:
    - Now you can send and wait for messages synchronously by the method `WaitNext()`, which blocks the current thread and waits for the next message.
    - Added an timeout option for `HttpWebSocket.WaitForClose()`.
- Improvements to the way the server writes log messages.
- Improved router collision checker.
- Added an `HttpServer.Emit()` method, for HTTP server testing only. Don't use it on production environments.
- Added an `LogStream.WriteException()` to dump error logs.
- Fully removed all Regex uses on the HTTP server and replaced with string-methods. Performance should increase with this change.
- Fixed an bug where the cookie `SameSite` were being set with an unexpected `$`.
- Fixed an bug where the HTTP Event Sources and WebSockets were raising collection issues when using with too many simultaneos threads.
- Fixed an bug where the previous WebSocket connection with an identifier that already had an connection weren't being close by the new connection.
- Fixed an bug where request handlers weren't running in the same try-catch context as the routers callbacks.
- Removed `IRequestHandler.Identifier` property.

Service provider:

- Adjusted the configuration syntax to match the new listening ports and hosts concept.
- Added an new configurator: `UseHttpServer()`.
- Added an new configurator: `UseCors()`.
- Renamed `UseOverrides()` to `UseConfiguration()`.
- The server bootstrap method now runs outside an try-catch context, so you can get more detailed errors when bootstraping your application.