# v.0.8.9

Released: 14/02/2023

- New: hot reload support. This is applyable to the .NET support of hot reload. You can use it with `ServiceReloadManager` or
`ServiceProvider`.
- New: added HTTP server flags, which holds advanced settings for the HTTP server.
- New: Router `SetObject(object)` method now defines the instance methods instead of the type
static methods. Use `SetObject(type)` for defining static route methods.
- New: Added `PDF` format to `MultipartObject.GetCommonFileFormat()`. Also we've renamed the enumerator to
`MultipartObjectCommonFormat`.
- Fixed: HEAD requests should send `Content-*` headers now.
- Fixed: HEAD requests weren't being matched with GET routes. You can disable it by the `TreatHeadAsGetMethod` flag.
- Fixed: the access logs weren't displaying the forwareded IP address when `ResolveForwardedOriginAddress` is true.
- Fixed: CORS `Access-Control-Max-Age` header name.
- Deprecated: `HttpRequest.CreateHeadResponse()`. Use `HttpRequest.CreateEmptyResponse()` instead.
- Deprecated: `HttpServerExecutionStatus.ContentServedOnNotSupportedMethod`.

# v.0.8.3

Released: 26/01/2023

- Deprecated `HttpResponse.DefaultEncoding`.
- Malformed requests can throw an `HttpRequestException` from the HTTP server, which will result in
an `HttpServerExecutionStatus.MalformedRequest` with an automatic response with status 400.
- HTTP response now uses UTF-8 to calculate the response headers size.
- Routes can have an `LogMode` property which determines if the server should write access/error logs
for those route.
- Added the `HttpRequest.Cookies` property.
- Fixed where uncaught exceptions in the router callback shouldn't return an HTTP 500 status code.

Installing: https://sisk.project-principium.dev/#/getting-started

# v.0.8.2

Released: 09/01/2023

- Introduced "Service providers", which provides an interface for porting services and applications
easily with Sisk.
- Added an overload for `Router.SetObject` which allows to pass an type as reference.
- Added the property `HttpServer.IsListening`.
- `HttpServer` no longer listens to all authorities with the "+" wildcard, but to individual hosts. Perhaps you will need to have permissions for each authority individually to run without admin privileges in Windows.
- Fixed an issue where event listeners weren't respecting `AccessLogsStream` and using the deprecated property `Verbose`.
- Fixed where routers weren't parsing regex routes as ignore-case when `MatchRoutesIgnoreCase` was enabled.

# v.0.8.1

Released: 07/01/2023

Core:

- Created an indexer for `ListeningHostRepository`.
- Created property `HttpServerConfiguration.AccessLogsStream`. [Specification](https://sisk-http.github.io/docs/static/#/spec/Sisk/Core/Http/HttpServerConfiguration/AccessLogsStream).
- Created property `HttpServerConfiguration.ErrorsLogsStream`. [Specification](https://sisk-http.github.io/docs/static/#/spec/Sisk/Core/Http/HttpServerConfiguration/ErrorsLogsStream).
- Created property `Router.MatchRoutesIgnoreCase`, which allows to the router to match routes ignoring case.
- Replaced the router path matching mecanism by a more appropriate string parser without using regex.
- Replaced the DNS matching mecanism by removing regex. Credits to [this link](https://www.hiimray.co.uk/2020/04/18/implementing-simple-wildcard-string-matching-using-regular-expressions/474).
- `ListeningHost.Handle` is more deterministic now and doesn't uses an random generator for it.
- Fixed an bug where the TCP client was sending an IP address with multiple null characters.
- Deprecated `HttpServerConfiguration.Verbose`.

You can download older versions from the Nuget package manager.